node-api: make `napi_ref` for all value types to be experimental (#47975)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

will not be freed. This can be avoided by calling
`napi_delete_reference` in addition to `napi_reference_unref` when possible.

> **Experimental behavior changes:**
> When `NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL` is defined, the references can be created for
> all value types. The new supported value types do not support weak reference
> semantic and the values of these types are released when the
> count becomes 0 and cannot be accessed from the reference any more.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change History:

  * experimental (`NODE_EXPERIMENTAL` is defined):
  
    References can be created for
    all value types. The new supported value types do not support weak reference
    semantic and the values of these types are released when the
    count becomes 0 and cannot be accessed from the reference any more.
```

Reviewer: This allows us to add more bullet points in the future, to correspond to subsequent changes we may make.

will not be freed. This can be avoided by calling
`napi_delete_reference` in addition to `napi_reference_unref` when possible.

**Change History:**

> * Experimental (`NODE_EXPERIMENTAL` is defined):

Reviewer: Sorry!

```suggestion
* Experimental (`NAPI_EXPERIMENTAL` is defined):
```

This API creates a new reference with the specified reference count
to the value passed in.

> In current Node-API version a reference can be created only for

Reviewer: Maybe we shouldn't mix version-specific discussion with documentation that applies to all versions. Instead, maybe we should have headings for experimental and subsequent versions. Maybe like

-----------------------------
Default behaviour (currently version 8, which does not support basic types) goes here.

Change history:
- experimental: Supports all types, including basic types.
-----------------------------

When we release Node-API version 9, we can replace "experimental" with "Version 9" in the "Change history" section, and re-add the "experimental" bullet above "Version 9" if we ever change the behaviour again.

Author: I have updated the docs based on this suggestion and extracted the experimental behavior into its own paragraph.
